---
title: "Dream As A Kid"
related: ["PHILOSOPHY", "LOVE", "CURIOSITY"]
date: "2026-03-29"
tags: ["ontology", "soul", "theology", "love", "philosophy"]
---

When we are children, we have big dreams, enormous ones, and no one seems to question them because we have all the time, imagination, and hope in the world to materialize them. As we grow up, we stop dreaming, we stop being amazed, we stop longing for what our soul asks of us, and we start dreaming about what the status quo wants us to dream about, what we have been told we should dream about - money, clothes, jewels, luxuries, pleasures. A stable job, a nice house. We let our dreams get stuck in the material. But what happens to the dreams of the soul? Those desires that come from the deepest part of ourselves. How many children stopped believing they could be professional athletes because a grumpy adult told them they couldn't? And when that happens, when the bitterness of adulthood contaminates the purity of childhood, I wonder; Where is that child who dreamed of going to space? Where is that little being who wanted to discover the mysteries of the universe? Where does that child who asked the why of everything live now? Adulthood is a difficult stage, but you cannot allow the difficulties of life to make you stop dreaming. Keep dreaming as you did when you were a child, keep dreaming big, let your dreams be bigger than your own expectations, you are never too old to dream. Dreams are the gateway to our true reality. Be a disciplined dreamer, dream every day, dream while you breathe, and pursue that damn dream with every breath that God gives you. Only you know what you dream of, and no one, believe me, NO ONE, is going to pursue that dream for you. Keep dreaming like that child that still lives inside you. The beauty of being an adult is that you can keep dreaming like a child, and obtain the resources and influences to materialize that dream. What are your dreams? Why do you feel you live? Why do you feel you were created? What are your gifts? How can you use them? Start asking yourself those questions and let the magic happen. Remember, always keep that inner child alive, they will thank you for it.

[[PHILOSOPHY]]  [[LOVE]]  [[CURIOSITY]]  