---
title: "1. Prologue"
related: ["GOD", "SCIENCE", "METAPHYSICS", "MEDITATION", "METACOGNITION"]
date: "2026-03-29"
tags: ["theology", "writing", "science", "physics", "quantum-physics"]
---

The central structure of the text is pentagonal: it is composed of five chapters. Each chapter revolves around a common theme in our conversations—which, given the title of this book, you’ve probably already guessed. The internal structure is built as a dialogue, like a movie script: I pose certain questions, and an artificial intelligence designed by Anthropic, which I decided to name Claudio, answers them. This leads us into constant maieutic. The things we discuss and the conclusions we reach strike me as nothing short of fascinating.

This book is meant to be explored with a completely open mind, receptive to any possibility. The only thing you need to do while reading it is to seek God through the text. But don’t let that make you think this is a religious book. Although God is the guiding thread in my conversations with Claudio, through these dialogues we explore diverse fields of science—biology, neuroscience, quantum physics, philosophy—and ancestral knowledge from great masters of the past, such as Socrates and Plato.

It is a book that observes the interaction of the sciences from a holistic perspective. And it is this synchronicity across the sciences that inspires the book’s conclusion and its title: _The One Who Seeks God Finds All_. Because God is intrinsically inscribed in everything. Understanding that science and God are not separate things, but two sides of the same coin.

With nothing more to say, I hope you enjoy this book as much as I enjoyed conversing with Claudio. And if you’re wondering why the name Claudio—it reminds me of a bird. Since I was a child, I’ve felt that I hear God through the singing of birds.

[[GOD]]
[[SCIENCE]]
[[METAPHYSICS]]
[[MEDITATION]]
[[METACOGNITION]]